Add object detection processing tutorial (#4710)
huggingface/datasets: docs/source/image_process.mdx

    
```py
>>> import torch
>>> from torchvision.ops import box_convert
>>> from torchvision.utils import draw_bounding_boxes
>>> from torchvision.transforms.functional import pil_to_tensor, to_pil_image

>>> categories = ds['train'].features['objects'].feature['category']

>>> boxes_xywh = torch.tensor(example['objects']['bbox'])
>>> boxes_xyxy = box_convert(boxes_xywh, 'xywh', 'xyxy')
>>> labels = [categories.int2str(x) for x in example['objects']['category']]
>>> to_pil_image(
...     draw_bounding_boxes(
...         pil_to_tensor(example['image']),
...         boxes_xyxy,
...         colors="red",
...         labels=labels,
...     )
... )
```

<div class="flex justify-center">
    <img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/nateraw/documentation-images/resolve/main/visualize_detection_example.png">
</div>

Using `albumentations`, we can apply transforms that will effect the Image while also updating the bounding boxes accordingly. In this case, the image is resized to (480, 480), flipped horizontally, and brightened. 

> Note that `albumentations` is expecting the image to be in BGR format, not RGB, so we'll have to convert our image first before applying the transform.

Author: This is pretty common. I thought about adding a link here too but didn't really know what content would be most applicable. I think its fine to leave it unless anyone objects.

> Note that `albumentations` is expecting the image to be in BGR format, not RGB, so we'll have to convert our image first before applying the transform.

Reviewer: Cool, I'm good with it as is then!

>>> boxes_xyxy = box_convert(boxes_xywh, 'xywh', 'xyxy')
>>> labels = [categories.int2str(x) for x in out['category']]
>>> to_pil_image(
...     draw_bounding_boxes(
...         image,
...         boxes_xyxy,
...         colors='red',
...         labels=labels
...     )
... )
```

<div class="flex justify-center">
    <img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/nateraw/documentation-images/resolve/main/visualize_detection_example_transformed.png">
</div>

Create a function to apply the transform to a batch of examples:

```py
>>> def transforms(examples):
...     images, bboxes, categories = [], [], []
...     for image, objects in zip(examples['image'], examples['objects']):
...         image = np.array(image.convert("RGB"))[:, :, ::-1]
...         out = transform(
...             image=image,
...             bboxes=objects['bbox'],
...             category=objects['category']
...         )
...         images.append(torch.tensor(out['image']).flip(-1).permute(2, 0, 1))
...         bboxes.append(torch.tensor(out['bboxes']))
...         categories.append(out['category'])
...     return {'image': images, 'bbox': bboxes, 'category': categories}
```

> Use the [`~Dataset.set_transform`] function to apply the transform on-the-fly which consumes less disk space. This function is useful if you only need to access the examples once:

Reviewer 2: It can also be useful if you access the same examples several times and benefit from the randomness of the data augmentation (.e.g if you'd like to do several epochs on augmented data):

```suggestion
Use the [`~Dataset.set_transform`] function to apply the transform on-the-fly which consumes less disk space. Note that the randomness of data augmentation may return a different image if you access the same example twice. It is especially useful when training a model with several epochs.
```
